README.md, before:

# Editing Codes

These [editing codes](codes.md) are a collection of short, semantic editing marks to use when you're editing a piece of written content.

Editing shouldn't be a black box. These codes communicate the rationale behind a suggested edit, based on a specific writing guideline.

When reviewing a written piece of content, use a code to support your editorial comment or suggestion. 

## How to use the codes

They are organized into four [editing phases](phases.md) and help you edit consistently. 

See the [How-to Guide](guide.md) to learn how to use the codes when you're editing.

## Contributing to the codes

We've based the editing codes on principles in our Writing Guide. This is a living collection - if we missed something, please log an issue to let us know.

You can use these codes as-is, or clone this repo and add your own codes to support your in-house style guide. 

## License

Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)

**Attribution** You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. 

See the [license](license) or read more on the [Creative Commons page](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

Update license wording and add shield image

README.md, after:

# Editing Codes

These [editing codes](codes.md) are a collection of short, semantic editing marks to use when you're editing a piece of written content.

Editing shouldn't be a black box. These codes communicate the rationale behind a suggested edit, based on a specific writing guideline.

When reviewing a written piece of content, use a code to support your editorial comment or suggestion. 

## How to use the codes

They are organized into four [editing phases](phases.md) and help you edit consistently. 

See the [How-to Guide](guide.md) to learn how to use the codes when you're editing.

## Contributing to the codes

We've based the editing codes on principles in our Writing Guide. This is a living collection - if we missed something, please log an issue to let us know.

You can use these codes as-is, or clone this repo and add your own codes to support your in-house style guide. 

## License

The OSP Editing Codes © 2018-present by Open Strategy Partners GmbH is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0. See the [license](license) or read more on the Creative Commons page [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

**Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)**

You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made.
